Vacuum + CAT = Meow.... scratch scratch scratch
Room room ROOOOMMMM.....
I would tell you a vacuum joke but they always suck
what did the broom say to the vacuum? :)
What did the grandma cat say to her grandson when she saw him slouching? You need to pay more attention to my pawsture.
Wanna hear a bad cat joke? Just kitten!
What does a cat have that no other animal has? Kittens.
What did the cat say when the mouse got away? You’ve got to be kitten me!
Sniff Sniff... Cough Cough... dang CAT hairball...
Why don’t cats play poker in the jungle? There are too many cheetahs.
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing.
Why was the cat sitting on the computer? To keep an eye on the mouse!
Why did the cat wear a dress? She was feline fine.
What did the cat say when he lost all his money? I’m paw!
Why don’t cats like online shopping? They prefer a cat-alogue.
What do you call a pile of kittens? A meowntain
For a man to truly understand rejection… he must first be ignored by a cat.
Why is it so hard for a leopard to hide? Because he’s always spotted.
What is a cat’s favorite song? Three Blind Mice.
What do you call a cat that lives in an igloo? An eskimew!
What do cats like to eat for breakfast? Mice Krispies.
What do you call the cat that was caught by the police? The purrpatrator.
What’s worse than raining cats and dogs? Hailing taxis
What did the grandma cat say to her grandson when she saw him slouching? You need to pay more attention to my pawsture.
I had to get rid of my husband. He was allergic to my cat.
What’s the worst kind of cat? A cat-astrophe
What do you call a cat in a station wagon? A car-pet
What’s the difference between a cat and a comma? One has claws at the end of its paws, while the other is a pause at the end of…
What do you call at cat that goes bowling? An alley cat
Why was the cat disqualified from the game? It was a cheetah.
Why did the cat run away from the tree? It was scared of its bark.
What would a cat say if you stepped on its tail? “Me-OW!”
What did the alien say to the cat? “Take me to your litter.”
What is a cat’s favorite color? Purrrple
Why don’t kittens like shopping online? They prefer looking at a cat-alogue.
What’s a cat’s favorite dessert? A mice cream cone
How do cats get over a fight? They hiss and make up.
Nature abhors a vacuum, but not as much as a cat does.
I dressed my dog up as a cat for Halloween. Now he won’t come when I call him.
My cat just walked up to the paper shredder and said, “Teach me everything you know.”
I bet cats have a secret website where they upload clips of cute humans trying to open DVD packaging and jump-start cars.
The military may have invented the Internet, but not all government schemes have worked as well. In the ’60s, the CIA hatched a plan to implant a battery and a…
Cats are smarter than dogs. You can’t get eight cats to pull a sled through snow.
If someone from the 1950s suddenly appeared, what would be the most difficult thing to explain about life today? One answer: “I possess a device in my pocket that is…
They make cat food out of cow, fish, turkey, chicken & lamb meat—but not mouse meat, which is probably all cats want.
Me and the wife [singer Katy Perry] have three cats, and they get whatever they want. We can only know what they want from what we speculate, so it’s a…
When our client’s dog lapped up anti-freeze, the veterinarian I work for ordered a unique treatment: an IV drip mixing fluids with vodka. “Go buy the cheapest bottle you can…
Does kitty dream of slinking down the catwalk? If so, give her a name that screams “I’m a star!” Like these actual pet names
A woman walked into my aunt’s animal shelter wanting to have her cat and six kittens spayed and neutered. “Is the mother friendly?” my aunt asked. “Very,” said the woman
Living in a household with eight indoor cats requires buying large amounts of kitty litter, which I usually get in 25-pound bags—100 pounds at a time. When I was going…
One night while I was cat-sitting my daughter’s indoor feline, it escaped outside. When it failed to return the following morning, I found the beast clinging to a branch about…
I worked at a boarding kennel where people leave their dogs and cats while on vacation. One morning I had taken a cat out of his cage, and after playing…
When my daughter and I caught only one perch on our fishing trip—not enough for even a modest lunch—we decided to feed it to her two cats. She put our…
My father’s secretary was visibly distraught one morning when she arrived at the office and explained that her children’s parrot had escaped from his cage and flown out an open…
A client recently brought her two cats to my husband’s veterinary clinic for their annual checkup. One was a small-framed, round tiger-striped tabby, while the other was a long, sleek…
What is a cat’s way of keeping law & order? Claw Enforcement.
Did you hear about the cat who swallowed a ball of wool? She had mittens.
Why is the cat so grouchy? Because he’s in a bad mewd.
Where is one place that your cat can sit, but you can’t? Your lap.
Why did the cat run from the tree? Because it was afraid of the bark!
How many cats can you put into an empty box? Only one. After that, the box isn’t empty.
What do you get when you cross a chick with an alley cat? A peeping tom.
If lights run on electricity and cars run on gas, what do cats run on? Their paws.
Did you hear about the cat who drank 5 bowls of water? He set a new lap record.
Did you hear about the cat who swallowed a ball of wool? She had mittens.
Why did a person with an unspayed female cat have to go to court? For kitty littering.
Why are dogs afraid to go to space? Because of the vacuum
What vacuum cleaner brand do Antivaxxers prefer? Dyson.
I bought my girlfriend a vacuum cleaner, but it's just been gathering dust.
My wife said, “I’ve never seen you mop or vacuum in my life!” I said, “Floors are beneath me.”
What do you call a vacuum that interferes with the legal system? Obsuction of justice.
How would a vacuum talk? Loud and clear.
Imagine getting a vacuum cleaner for Christmas. That would suck.
What animal SHOULD be scared of vacuum cleaners? Dust bunnies.
I got Inside a vacuum chamber once. It was breath taking.
What do you call someone who cleans vacuums? A vacuum cleaner.
The other day a blimp told me he contained a perfect vacuum. I told him he was full of hot air.
If space is a vacuum... Why is the earth so dirty?
What is a time travelling vacuum cleaner called? Dr Whoover.
